Good morning, family. How are y'all
doing today? I have some things on
my heart, but first off, let's give God
some praise. For the Lord is good and
his mercy endures forever.
Father, I
thank you that you endure forever and
your mercy is new every morning. Great
is your faithfulness to me, oh God.
Thank you, Father, for all that you're
going to do today. I ask
you, Father, to anoint this broadcast,
this video today, and this YouTube
video. I thank you, Father, that you
speak through my vocal cords and you
think through my mind. None of me and
all of you, in the mighty name of Jesus.
I thank you, Father. I have an
urgency in my heart for what's coming
and to tell the people that Jesus is
coming.
Well,
this is what I have for y'all today. I
was driving down the road and the
Lord just decided to speak. I mean, the
prophetic unction just hit me hard.
Like I said, I do not
consider myself a prophet, but
when I pray, I see visions and the
Lord shows me things to come.
He showed me Israel,
and I saw
a major event about to take place in
Israel. I saw at this time people in the
streets with prayer
shawls
like what I have. They had these prayer
things,
they had the Israeli flag, and
they had it over their shoulders, kind of
like what they do at a
sporting event, but they had it like
this and it was draped around them.
They were celebrating in the streets,
saying, "The
deliverer has come. The deliverer
has come."The
women were dancing in the
streets and the men were dancing, and
they were celebrating
some kind of victory. I do not know
what this was, if it was war or whatever.
All I know is they were
celebrating something that had happened in
the streets in Israel. I saw rabbis.
I saw Orthodox Jews with their hats on
with curls and
long beards, and they were weeping
at this sight, at this
experience. They were rocking at the
Wailing
Wall. I could see them praying
and weeping at the Wailing
Wall, and I could see them throughout the
streets. I saw
them actually say, "We've been in error.
We have been in error in some of our
teachings."The
Holy Spirit had gotten a
hold of them and they were
telling the people—I saw them
teaching and telling the people that
they had been in error about some
things and they were going back and
correcting things that they had been
teaching that were in error. I saw a
glory explosion over the Jewish people.
A mighty revival started to break out
in the streets in Jerusalem and all of
the other areas of Israel. They were
breaking forth in a revival
of healings and demonstrations and
manifestations of the glory. And the
Lord said, "I'm going to become real to
this generation like I had been in the
past with the children of Israel when
they were delivered out of the hand of
Egypt. I'm going to do another wave of
my presence, of my glory, over this
generation, and they will see that I am
real and that I am their Messiah,
that I am God to
them."The
Lord showed me a great and mighty wave
of his presence
over all of the people. But
they were delivered from something.
Like I said, I do not know what this
was about, but they were dancing in the
streets. I could see
the rabbis and
the tears that were flowing. There
was a heavy-set man, and I don't
know who this man was, but he had
chubbier, heavier cheeks and
a longer, silvery-peppered beard.
I could see gray in his beard.
He was a rabbi, and he had glasses on
and he was rocking. I remember
seeing
these curls,
but I could see the
people and they were teaching that "we
were erring in our ways,"and they knew
that they were corrected about some
things. I just thought it was
amazing in this visitation.
The Lord just told me that
he was going to become real, and I don't
want to keep rehashing that, but I'm just
going back over my mind, remembering
everything I was shown.
Then the Lord showed me this. He said,
"Brandon,
I'm going to uncap
the wells of revival in
America."And
he said to me, "The great healing
revivals that took place in the 1930s
and 40s—you know, the tent revivals back
whenever A. A. Allen, Jack
Coe,
William Branham, Smith, not
Kenneth Hagin, but you know, John
G. Lake, that era of ministers."He told
me Aimee Semple McPherson, and it goes on
and on. He said, "Those wells were
capped."People
have wondered, "Where has
that gone?"They were capped. I looked up
what the word
'capped'means.
What does it mean to cap a well? The
wells that are no longer being used but
might be needed in the future can be
sealed with a cap that covers the top of
the well casing pipe to prevent
unauthorized access and contamination.
A cap is a temporary
groundwater protection solution that
allows a well to be used at a later
time. He brought up the scripture
in
Genesis
and
he was talking about
Isaac bringing forth the old wells that
Abraham had dug, that the
Philistines put dirt on and
filled up, and
capped
those wells off.
But the Lord was showing
me that he's
uncapping those wells of revival.
He's uncapping all those
deep wells. I was driving by Tulsa,
ORU,
and I saw the glory. I
started
crying again. I
saw the glory over the Mabee Center, and I
saw the glory of the Lord over there
again,
and those old wells of revival from
Oral
Roberts and the greats that
walked this land before and have
gone
home to be with the Lord. He said, "I'm
going to do it one more time, and I'm
bringing forth a great revival again,
son."Those
old wells that have been
capped for protection because the season
was over for that, he said, "I'm
bringing forth those great wells again,
and I'm going to use
you and I'm going to use these people
for great healings. Demonstrations
and manifestations of my glory will be
seen again. I'm going to touch this
generation one more time."I told you,
he said, "There's one more call. One
last call."And I've asked him because
people were arguing with me and saying,
"Oh, there's no great revival. That's
not in the Bible in the last
days."Well,
I was out there and I said, "Lord,
what do you say to this?"And he said,
"Brandon, who's in control of
time?"He
said, "I am. Were you there
when I threw the stars into space?
Were
you there when I created the heavens
and the earth?"He was
referring to Job whenever he was talking
to Job.
He said, "Brandon,
my heart is the harvest.
My heart is the harvest.
One last call, son. I'm calling in the
sheep from the back of the fold.
One last call. I'm calling them forth to
come home, giving them an
opportunity."And
in this, I'm going to uncap those
great wells of revival.
And I saw at this time a vision of tents
full of people again. I saw tents and
brush harbor churches again. He showed
me a revival of fire like what Azusa Street
had.
I'm so hungry for this.
The glorious church in Collinsville,
Oklahoma—he's
going
to
use this place.
He's going to use Branson, Missouri.
He's going to use these places. And
he
told me, "Those that are hungry
and thirsty after righteousness, they
will be filled with my
glory."He
said, "I want you to go back and I
want to speak to you about Rosh Hashanah
to Rosh Hashanah."This
time, he
said, "This is the beginning of the
glory. This is the beginning of what you
have waited for for so
long."He
talked about
a great harvest of souls coming from Rosh Hashanah
to Rosh Hashanah.
You will see
first the blade, then the ear, and then
the corn. Concerning this, the
greater harvest of the glory that you
have wanted for so long will come: first
the blade, then the ear, and then the
full corn. You will see it.
He said, "This is a time of
refreshing, a time of surrender, a time
of rest, a time of healing, a period to
fully let go and prepare for the new
cycle
ahead."He
talked about the Democratic
Party and the evil over the United
States of America. There will be an
event that will shake the USA
out of a fear to control; they
will lose control, is what the Lord said.
He said
seedtime
and harvest
will have come to its fullest.
You will see this happen.
Seedtime
and harvest will come to its
fullest in these days
ahead. The seeds they
have sowed in the past will come to
harvest finally at last.
Then he started
talking to me about a great humbling. A
great humbling will come, an uprising;
there will be weeping, and they
will be very sad. People will say,
"What did we do?"You will see
an exposing of great
darkness
in the Democratic Party. And when this
happens, the very snake they thought
they controlled will turn on them. I
saw that big python that I told you all
about in the past
lashing out, striking, striking,
striking. It was striking them.
I saw an exposing. I saw
embarrassing moments coming from
Kamala
Harris. I saw things that were done in
the past that she thought she had buried
and were no longer a problem
resurfacing. There
were
several incidents
of
things that were dirty, things that were
very embarrassing to the point where
I heard her saying, "I
should have never ran. I should have
never put my foot in this,"because
they
were very humiliating.
I saw very
humiliating things coming, things
that were not meant to be, and people leaked
it. There
is
corruption on the Republican side and
the Democratic side. People think
the Republicans are sanctimonious
folks, but there is corruption on the
Democrats and corruption on the
Republicans, and there are going to be
exposings.
I saw women and different
ethnic groups that had
blinders on their eyes. When these
things start to manifest, the blinders
will fall off. I saw them
becoming enlightened. It was similar
to whenever you see somebody that's
bewitched; they have a spell over
them and they don't even realize it.
They have a demonic band wrapped around
their mind.
I saw a breaking
of this and them being set free.
Their minds became enlightened.
When this happens, they will be furious
because the eyes of their understanding
were enlightened, Ephesians 1:18.
There will be people
who
want to have lynch mobs, rioting,
and
pillaging. They will be upset about how
they
were lied to because the darkness they
tried to deceive everyone with will come out
into the open.
They will not be able to hide
from the things that they have sown.
There was an exposing in
the financial realm and the
natural realm. You
will
see it. Watch this. I saw
Jerome Powell again, and I saw him taking
Jenga pieces. I saw
a great Jenga tower. I saw him
pulling from the middle of the Jenga
tower.
He was watching as he
pulled
to
see if it would fall.
All of a sudden, I saw the vision
going straight to the middle of the
Jenga tower. All the tower was
built up, but in the middle there
was no foundation. It was only on one
block, and that block fell and all of it
crumbled. It was
awful. Everybody was panicking. I
saw Wall Street and the day
traders panicking,
selling and selling.
It was chaos in
Wall Street. Everybody was freaking
out. I could see
the storm over New York and
the Lord showed me great darkness. But
then he said to me, "Everything will
change in a 24-hour
period."It
will
be just like that, similar to how 9/11
took place.
It will be a lot like what happened with
9/11. I saw a change of things happening
in a 24-hour period. Everything that
was would be no more.
A change that happens that fast.
I don't know when this takes place, but
when it does, it will change
everything within a 24-hour
period. I saw the wealth of the sinner
laid up for the righteous. I saw a great
supernatural harvest of finances.
When this
takes place, it will be similar to the
children of Israel leaving Egypt and
getting the wealth from the Egyptians.
This will be a type and shadow of what
God is going to do in this generation
before he takes us out with the rapture
of the church. We will have the
wealth of the sinner laid up for the
righteous. The Lord said it will be
a type and shadow of this event.
God said, "I will provide for my
beloved."I
was talking
about the major
churches that are in
compromise. If you are
writing worship music to try to
get a Dove Award or clout for
finances concerning the glory
outpouring,
or
preaching the gospel on a
YouTube channel always asking for money
because you're touching God's anointing,
you're in trouble.
You will wake up and your channel
will be gone that fast because God said,
"Touch not my
anointed."Watch
what happens to you.
I don't care if you're trying to
sell a book, but if
your whole mission is to
make profit off of the body of
Christ, you're in trouble.
Woe unto you. If you're
writing a book to help people, I get
it; there
are
costs with
it. But if you're writing a book or
a song for worship just
for
material gain, woe unto you.
He told me,
"Brandon, never go on the platform and
ever ask for a dime from my people. Not
one time."He said if I make a video trying
to make profit,
the channel will be no
more. He'll take the anointing
off the channel and it will be
done. You want to know why your
channels aren't growing?
It's
because you're trying to profit off
of God's people. God says there
is
coming an end to that.
If you
feed the sheep, God said he would feed
you. But if your heart is just to make
money off of God's people,
woe unto you;
those seasons are done.
God's drawing a line in the
sand. You'll see the wolves
among the sheep, and you're going to be
able to see the ones that are called to
God because the light's going to get
brighter and the darkness
is going to get darker. And you're going
to see the ones that are false and the
ones that are right, because the
righteous are going to rise up with the
glory of the Lord and the
manifestations of His presence beyond
anything you've ever seen before. And
you're going to look at the ones that
have been on Daystar and the ones that
have been on these other channels, and
you're going to go, 'Who are they?
What happened to them?'And you're going
to say, 'What happened to their
ministry?'Because
it's all going to
fall because they are all
seeking after material gain, their
own popularity, and their own position,
trying to uplift themselves because they
wanted man's praise and
approval. But God's calling forth
a
people like David that will
go in and cut the head off the giant and
don't need any praise because we're
always looking to give Him the praise.
We have this treasure in earthen
vessels,
that the excellency of the power
will be known of Him and not of us. And
if you have the attitude that you have
to be exalted in these last days, you
are missing it. You're going to be left.
And I'm telling you, woe unto you that
have that kind of an attitude because He
will not have His glory shared, ladies
and gentlemen. It's about giving God
glory in these last days. That's what He
told me. He said, 'Brandon, always stay
small in your own eyes.
Never look for man's praise because just
like they praised me going in, saying
"Glory to Him in the highest,"and they
were doing the palm branches and doing
all the things that they were doing,
they turned on me the next week and said,
"Crucify Him! Crucify Him!"'Man's opinion
will change like the weather, ladies and
gentlemen,
because we're all just
messed up without Jesus. I'm not
here for your praise. I'm not here for
the comment section to give me a big
hit. I'm here to say, 'Well done,
thou
good and faithful servant.'When
I
enter into my rest, when I get on
the other side, my job is to tell you
Jesus Christ is coming and He's coming
soon. My job is to tell you, you better
repent because Jesus is coming and there
will be one last call and Jesus is
coming for His bride.
Are you ready today? Is your heart ready
before Him? Do you understand that it's
not about record deals and Dove Awards?
That the anointed songs of the past
were anointed because they had a heart
just for Him. They didn't care about
becoming viral.
Who cares about being viral?
My video went viral? I don't care. I
hide in a hole. I don't care. They want
to say, 'Well, you got 160 million hits
and all this.'Who cares?
Most of them were persecuting you
anyway.
But He said, 'The more they persecute you,
the more I will increase the anointing
on your life
because if they loved you, Brandon,
then you ain't of me. But if they
hate you, they hated me.
They hated me, son. So they're going to
hate
you.'How
much more do I want His praise than
anybody else's?
If they hated Jesus,
they're going to hate you. But if they
love you, you better watch yourself
because I want to be like Jesus. I want
to be like Him. My goal every day is to
wake up and say, 'Jesus, I want to be
more like You. I want to be more like
You—less
and less of this world and
more like
Jesus.'If
you have that heart, you're on the
right road.
But they're going to hate you and
they're going to persecute you just like
they persecute me.
They run me
down. They're evil people. But I
say, 'God, thank you for the opportunity
to be persecuted for Your name's sake.
Thank you for the opportunity to be
persecuted for Your name's
sake.'If
that's the least I could go through for
You,
for them to make fun
of me, it was
all for Your glory. That when I get on
the other side, it's 'Well done, thou good
and faithful servant. Enter into my
rest.'People
have no idea the
persecution.
The nights I have had here are
just sitting there weeping, saying, 'God,
the pressure is so intense.'But He
comes and loves on me. And I
want to sit at His feet and I want to
bask in His presence. And I want to sit
there and go,
'Oh.'Because
when my praises
go up, His blessings come down.
I'm taken back
by His love for me. I'm taken back at
the visitations that I've had with Him
even lately
to warn you all about what's coming.
A great shaking of America is coming to
awaken. And in this shaking, He said,
'Never quote dates anymore.'And I want
you to be very
slow to speak and quick to pray.
Spend more time praying and less time
speaking on this channel. It should be
an oasis for people to be
refreshed for what's coming.
They have got to learn how to drink and
hear me for themselves.
It is not about the prophetic anymore
concerning saying, 'Well, I
got to tell
you.'I
want you to learn
how to drink yourself. You need to learn
how to hear yourself
for there may not be a YouTube soon.
There may not be an internet soon.
What would you do
if all the prophetic voices were silent
on YouTube? What would you do? Would you
be lost? Or would you know how to
cultivate it for yourself and get into
those rivers and hear Him for you?
Because in that, all the voices will be
quiet and all you have is Him and you.
That's where you need to be.
Who cares? It's about you and Him.
He said, 'Brandon,
you don't need to tell them anymore
about the financial
crash—when,
where, how.'He said, 'The crash is
coming for the people and the things to
shake them, to awaken them because
they're not hearing me in the first
place.'It's
not so you can prepare them
so they'll go buy their goods and all
their stuff; it's so that they hear me
for
themselves.
Their ears are closed to me. They've not
known how to get into my word and
flow in the gifts of the Spirit by
praying in the Spirit because they're
dry.
You are helping them to stay dry.
Tell them to fan their flame so they can
find it for
themselves.
If you teach them to fish instead of
giving them fish, they'll starve if
you keep giving them the
fish. But if I teach you to fish, you'll
learn how to feed
your whole family.
The problem is that you do not know
how to do it yourself.
And you have got to learn how to hear
Him for what's coming.
Get yourself right before the Father.
Take communion daily. It's not hard.
You get your juice and
your bread and you go before Him just
like you do at church and say the exact
same thing: 'Father, this is Your body.
This is Your blood.'You don't have
to make it all... He wants it to
be just like what a child would do
before Him. We don't have to be all
hyper-super-religious.
God does not
like—He
said He hates
self-righteousness.
He
hates it. And He hates religion the way
everybody else, the thees and thous, the
Pharisees. We've got to go back to just
being like a child. Be simple. Be
simple. Our relationship with the Lord
should be simple. It shouldn't be so
complicated. It's not algebra.
It's subtraction and addition.
Simple math. Does that make sense?
Simple math, not algebra or calculus or
whatever. It's easy. We've
made it so hard, but God said, 'Come to
me like a child.'How does a child go? 'I
want to crawl up in your lap, Daddy. How
you doing today? I want to tug on
your garment, Dad. Hey, can I have an
ice cream?
Can I have a cookie? Hey, Daddy, I want
to tell you I love you.'You have a little five-year-old. 'I want to tell you I love you,
Dad.'They're
just begging for your time and
attention.
'Can you play cars with me? Can you play
cards with me? Can you play
dollies with
me?'They're
never trying to make things
real complicated. A child
is
simple. 'Can you just play blocks
with me? I just want some time. I
want to sit in
your lap and love on you. I love you,
Daddy. Love you, Mommy. Can I
sleep by you tonight?
Can I have a drink? I'm thirsty. I'm
hungry.'We
make things so hard, but if
we come to Him like a child, 'Hey Dad, I
just want to tell you I love you. How's
your day
going?'It's
in the simple things.
Laying your head upon His chest so that
you can hear Him breathe—that's what I
love about my toddler. You put
them on your chest and they just listen
to you breathe, and they get so relaxed
by that breath that they fall asleep in
your arms because you bring comfort to
them. That's what He wants to do for you
today. He wants to bring comfort to you. There
are
many of you who are so
worn
out,
so hurting, so dry, so thirsty that
you're like, 'How can I make it another
day?'because
you're so worn out with the
world. He says, 'My yoke is easy and My
burden is light. Come unto Me all you
that are heavy laden and I will
give you
rest.'He
wants to bring you rest.
He's not trying to make things so
complicated. He just wants to be that
Daddy who has been there the
whole time. But you're the
wayward
child. A lot of you
are
out in left field thinking you
can't run home, but He's killed the
fatted calf and He has His arms wide
open waiting for you. He's never turned
His back on you. One time you turned
your back on Him. You made it hard; He
didn't. He's still that loving Father
with His arms wide open waiting for you,
sitting there saying, 'Are they going to
come home soon?'One last call.
The ark's getting ready to close. For as
in the days of Noah, so will it be when
the Son of Man returns. One last call.
Are you going to get on the ship?
One last call. Are you going to get on
the boat today? He's calling you. Are
you going to come home?
His arms are wide open waiting for you
today. He's not mean; He's not
mad at you. He wants to hold you and
embrace you and tell you He loves you
and whisper in your ear, 'I love you. I
miss
you.'I
hope this video blessed you today.
My heart is
for
the harvest.
My heart is
for
the people. And if you
don't think
God wants one last call and there's no
revival or push, then you don't know
Him because His heart is for souls; His heart
is for the people. And if you don't think
that—well,
no, there's a great falling
away—I
never said that there wouldn't
be. But His heart is still for the ones in
the back of the fold. He controls time.
He controls it. And if He sees that
you're so close, even watching this
video right now, to give it all and
to be sold out for Jesus, that's why He
didn't come back today. That's why He
might not come back tomorrow, because
I'm telling you, there are people who are
praying for you: your grandmas, your grannies,
whoever—your
mom, your dad.
You may be watching and saying, 'Man,
I'm wayward. I'm a teenager. I've
backslidden.
I've not been to
church in forever.'But
you
happened to just click on this video
and you're watching it right now.
Somebody's praying for you.
There's a song that says, 'Somebody's
praying,
I can feel it.
Somebody's praying for me.
There are little hands that are guiding
me; they're protecting me when I can't
see.
Lord, I believe.
Lord,
I
believe.
Somebody's praying for
me.'Somebody's
praying for you. I believe it
with all my heart and I believe that
today is your day of salvation.
Don't keep waiting for tomorrow.
You may not have
tomorrow; you may die in your sleep
tonight. And the Lord told me, as I was
sitting outside, He said, 'Do you have a
comprehension of eternity,
Brandon?'I
said, 'I think I do.'He said, 'I want
you to count all those stars in the sky
that would represent a year,
and you'll never
count all of them, for eternity
is
longer than even all the
stars in the heavens.
If you were to count all the grains of
sand
on
the beach,
eternity is more than whatever those
grains of sand
are.
Eternity is
forever.'You
can either be in a devil's hell
forever with eternity or you
can have eternity with Jesus Christ.
It's your choice. But today is your day
to make a choice. You can either spend
eternity in hell or you can spend
eternity in heaven, but it's your
choice. He didn't send you there; you
choose it. But I say today, if you were
to die in your sleep tonight, where
would you spend eternity forever and
ever? Ladies and gentlemen, we have no
comprehension of that because we don't
even know how to count all the stars
just in our galaxy,
the Milky Way. There are billions of
them, if not trillions.
I'm trying to tell you all and
give you a glimpse
of something here: that Jesus Christ died
for you on that cross so that you don't
have to spend eternity in hell. Hell was
made for Satan and his demons; it wasn't
made for you. So, would you accept Jesus
Christ as your Lord and Savior?
It's very easy to do.
Say this simple prayer with me. Bow your
head and just mean it with all your
heart. It doesn't have to be religious;
it can just be something simple.
Say it with me right now: 'Jesus, I'm a
sinner. I ask You to come into my heart.
I believe You are the Son of God.
Write my name in the Lamb's book of
life.
I've been a sinner; I've messed up. I've
done a lot of bad things. But Father,
You said that if I confess my sins, You
are faithful and just to forgive me of
my sins and cleanse me from all
unrighteousness. So I confess what I've
done. I've
come short of the glory.
But Jesus, You paid the price for me,
and I accept You as my Lord and Savior.
That's it. I accept You, and I know what
You did: You died for me and You rose
again on the third day. I believe it. I
believe
You saved me by grace
today.'Simple.
Write my name.
He's writing it down right now
in that
book. The angels up there
are
rejoicing.
Just forgive me right
now. I'm
coming home. That's it. Now, get in a
Bible-believing
church that believes in the
baptism of the Holy Spirit, reads the
Bible, teaches you how to stand and live
by faith, and go and volunteer and be a
part of that church. Go on Sunday, go on
Wednesday, go to Bible
study—go
whatever you've got to do to get plugged
in and get your lamp full of oil.
I believe with all my heart today you
were saved. And if you got saved today
watching this broadcast,
let us know in the comment section. We
want to rejoice with you. We're excited
that you came home. We're excited that
you're no longer going to hell and that
you're coming to heaven with me.
Maybe we'll be neighbors in heaven!
I believe it. The Bible says that
He's making us a mansion and He has a
place for us, a beautiful
home up there.
His kids are going to have a place up
there with Him.
I just want to encourage you all today
to be blessed. I hope this blessed
you. I hope you subscribe if
you haven't; it blesses us to
get the gospel out. Like the video,
please, and click the
notification bell. It really blesses us.
I'm telling you, it gets the gospel
spread throughout the whole world.
That's how YouTube works; it helps with
the algorithm.
We just want to say thank you
for joining us today. I'm going to
pray for you all real quick. Father, I
thank You for every single person who
is
represented here today for healing and
manifestations
of Your glory. Abba Father, this is the
day and the hour of the last of the
last. I thank you, Father, for all
that you've done and all that you
continue to do to heal every single one
of us. You've not made it hard for
healing; you've not made it hard for
salvation. Jesus Christ paid the
price for every single one of us to walk
in victory, and we thank you for it.
Amen and amen. If you could
put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart, Jesus loves you so much, and
we love you. We will see you all next
time. God bless you all, and have a
wonderful day. Bye-bye.